duplicate nav bar is still causing issues. creating a post should also save a draft. maybe this should open a wider form, and have options to view drafts as well, and maube an option to take information from your notes and add your notes into a post and build a complete forum post from there. upon sign out i cannot sign back in as the new navbar does not have the proper routes. marking all notifications as read should also remove the blue badge for new notifications. when adding a new post or a new note as a user, you should see it post and maintain state. these should also update in your dashboard. within the dashboard under your progress For Labs and Projects: Enable pagination when users have more than 4 Labs or Projects (completed or in progress), and if they have less than 4 in progress for either labs or projects, then move the "recommended projects/labs" to be in that section and fill however many until there are 4 items. also, remove the start lab button when a lab is in progress, also fix the todo buttons to all look the same as some look oblong, and build out the publish devlog to do what we sort of build out in the create a post here, to select notes and start to create a devlog from that as seed content and enable tags respective to completing a project as well as linking it etc. this should also mirror for labs. allow full crud for user avatars etc and username changes. by default they should have a newbie avatar. also build out the backroute for some of the forum posts so that when we click on them we can actually interact, like, comment and save them and have that update saved posts in the dashboard too. revise the side panels to be a featured post with a read more button that opens it like any other post, a "kodex signal" newsletter sign up that is responsive to valid email sign ups and confirms it, and featured tags that help with seeing posts with those tags as well. when clicking on the filter for the forum, the whole page shifts, fix that. that also happens when we click the badges and the information blurb shows up. we need some grayed out placeholder badges and descriptions for other badges available at the level the user is in. ex, within level 2 there are 5 badges and the test user has 2/5. remove the ring around their avatar and allow them to change it with crud from settings. 